[Music]
it is painful for us to see so many
children starving building these houses
for them just to create a country that
we always dreamed about that day I
decided that I don't care how Pablo
makes his money
only how he uses it illegal cocaine is
coming into our country at alarming
levels one kilo is worth seven thousand
dollars here in Colombia in the United
States is worth 150 thousand welcome his
Jeffrey they don't fear the judges in
Colombia they've killed them I saw your
interview with mr. Escobar what can you
tell me about it
you will give him Brazilian personal
then I'll have to fire my makeup girl
I'll take you with him when he goes down
you know that don't you fathers
Guanacaste babes directed
that is great this man is an insult to
every Columbia
you have money powder what more do you
want respect
you're headed straight for suicide the
story won't be anyone left to hear it
how do we know you are really Bob Louis
karate we prove it to you by growing up
your station here what do you think
would that be enough
you're marked for life help us next
change for what
now listen to me you wait to bleed and
killed your dog
thanks but look what I was with you know
I don't even know what I'm saying
how about news for you nobody will get
in here you know they will be afraid
that I will kill them
nobody's
[Applause]
you have Dunsey reagan just say no
[Music]
you